Python is a high-level programming language that has a syntax similar to english language.
It is beginner friendly and versatile.
Can be used for:
1. Web dev
2. Desktop application
3. Machine learning
4. Scripting
5. Data Science and Analytics

type 'python3' to enter the python interpreter in the terminal
To exit the interpreter, type'exit()' or use 'Ctrl + D'

Install pep8

Data Types
    String
    Integer
    Float 
    Boolean
    Object

Functions
print() - print to the console
len() - print the length or total number of characters of a variable
type() - prints the data type of a value or variable: str, int, float ...
dir() - function used to print all the methods available to a datatype
Numeric Functions
    abs() - changes negatives values into positive values
    round() - rounds a float to the nearest whole number. 
    It can take two arguments, the value and how many decimal places you want the function to round up to.
Type Casting
There are two ways of changing the data type of a value.
Implicit and Explicit Conversions

- Implicit conversion is when the pyhton interpreter automatically does the type conversion for us.
Adding an integer and a floating point number is possible because of implicit type conversion.

- Explicit type conversion is when we convert the type ourselves using the functions below.
    int() - for explicit conversion of a value to an integer data type
    str() -  for explicit conversion of a value to a string data type
    float() - for explicit conversion of a value to a float data type


Methods
.lower() - changes all letters to lower case
.upper() - changes all letters to upper case
.count() - count the number of occurences of the argument passed
.find() - used to find the starting index of the argument passed
.join() - used to join strings by a delimeter from a list into one string

Indexing
- Counting by positional index

String Concatenation


Numerical Data
- integers
- floats
Arithmetic
- "-"
- "+"
- "/" - divides a numerator by a denomenator
- "%" - returns the remainder of a division
- "*"
- abs() - changes negatives values into positive 

Lists
Lists are data types that stores values in an array, enclosed by a square bracket.
eg: Names = ["Nana", "Afua", "Antwiwaa", "Conduah"]
List Methods
    .append() - used to add something at the end of the list
    .insert() - adds an item to a list in a specific location. 
    It takes two arguments, the index and the new item.
    .remove() - it removes an item from the list
    .pop() - removes very last item from a list but can also remove an item whose index is specified
    .reverse() - reverse a list and sets its first index from the last to the first
    .sorted() - used to arrange or sort a list of numbersor ascending and descending order takes arg "reverse=True/false"
    .sort() - used to arrange a list in alphabetical values or strings, takes arg "reverse=True/false"
    Note there is .sort() and sorted()
    .extend() - adds a list to another list
List Functions
    min() - returns the minimum number in a list
    max() - return the maximum number in a list
    sum() - returns the sum of all the numbers in a list
